We've now got an XSS running inside of our Kubernetes cluster, which is fantastic.
However, I want you to be aware right away that sometimes next days can be a little bit finicky.
Let's go back over to our editor really quickly.
I'm going to find the banana file inside of our pages folder.
I'm then going to change the string inside of here to have a banana two, whatever, just some very
small change.
I'm then going to save this and flip back over to my browser and you'll notice as soon as I save the
file I see that change reflected inside the browser right away.
Now you are going to see I can just about guarantee it either you might not have seen that update right
away, or alternatively, at some point in time in the future you might make a change to some code and
not see it reflected in the browser as well.
So next JS unfortunately is a little bit finicky with file change detection when it is running inside
of a Docker container.
So we're going to put in a little fix right now, just proactively, even if you saw this thing change
automatically when you save the file, I still recommend you do this because I personally have seen
Nexis not always reflect file updates, even if it sometimes appears to work.
So here's what we're going to do.
Back inside my client directory, I'm going to make a new file called Next Dot Configs.
And then inside of here, we're going to write out module exports.
We're going to set that equal to an object inside of here.
We're going to put in a Webpack dev middleware.
And please double check your spelling and capitalization on this.
We're then going to assign this an aero function that's going to take in some config variable.
Then inside will do config dot watch options pull equals 300.
And then we will return config.
Oop.
There we go.
So what this file does, this file is loaded up automatically.
Where is it?
There it is, right there.
This file is loaded up automatically by next year whenever our project starts up.
Next is then going to attempt to read this thing in.
It's going to take a look at this Webpack dev middleware function and it's going to call it with some
middle pack configuration that it has created by default.
We are changing a single option on there to tell Webpack that rather than trying to watch for file changes
in some automated fashion, instead pull all the different files inside of our project directory automatically
at once every 300 milliseconds.
Traditionally, this change right here will fix this issue with file change detection when running inside
of a Docker container.
But as I mentioned, I have still noticed that it is not 100% foolproof.
So if you ever start to change any code and you feel as though that change is not being reflected on
the screen inside the browser, we're going to want to try to somehow restart scaffold.
We'll take a look at how that's going to work eventually.
But right now, let's just make sure that this change gets reflected inside of our running pod.
Now remember, because this file is ending with a JS scaffold should sync this file into our running
pod automatically.
However, next does not automatically restart itself whenever we add this file in or make changes to
it, unlike changes that are made to it.
React files.
So we need to somehow just get our pod to restart itself to do so.
We're going to go back over to our terminal.
We're going to list out all of our running pods with cube, CTL, get pods, and then we're going to
manually kill the client one right here by killing this pod.
Our deployment will automatically create a new pod, and that new pod will have this updated config
file inside of it.
And next, Jess should read this config file when it first starts up.
So I'm going to go back over and do a little.
Delete pod and then paste in the name of our client pod.
So I'll see that is deleted.
I could do another get pod's and I'll see that the pod has already been recreated just 5 seconds ago.
So now this new pod should be running the updated config inside of it.
Now again, if at any point in time you feel as though you have made a change that is not being reflected
inside the browser, go through the same steps you see right here.
List out all your pods.
Delete the current client pod.
That pod will be recreated and the changes 100% should be reflected inside there.
So again, just a quick little tip, something that you're probably going to run into at some point
in time.
Let's take a pause right here and continue with our client in just a moment.